update AC support policies (#1542)
astronomer/docs: software/ac-support-policy.md

| AC Version                                                                           | Release Date   | End of Maintenance Date |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | ----------------------- |
| [2.1](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.1.4/CHANGELOG.md)¹       | May 21, 2021   | November 2022           |
| [2.3](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.3.0/CHANGELOG.md)       | April 30, 2022 | October 2022            |
| [2.4](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.4.1/CHANGELOG.md)       | September 29, 2022 | March 2023            |

> ¹ In November 2023, Astronomer Certified 2.3 was reclassified as a stable release only. Astronomer recommends upgrading or [migrating to Astro Runtime 5.0](migrate-to-runtime.md) to receive long term support for Apache Airflow 2.3.

### LTS releases

| AC Version                                                                           | Release Date   | End of Maintenance Date |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | ----------------------- |

> | [2.1](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.1.4/CHANGELOG.md)¹       | May 21, 2021   | November 2022           |

Author: ```suggestion
| [2.1](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.1.4/CHANGELOG.md).       | May 21, 2021   | November 2022           |
```

| AC Version                                                                           | Release Date   | End of Maintenance Date |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | ----------------------- |
| [2.1](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.1.4/CHANGELOG.md)       | May 21, 2021   | November 2022           |
| [2.3](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.3.0/CHANGELOG.md)¹       | April 30, 2022 | October 2022            |
| [2.4](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.4.1/CHANGELOG.md)       | September 29, 2022 | March 2023            |

> > ¹ In November 2023, Astronomer Certified 2.3 was reclassified as a stable release only. Astronomer recommends upgrading or [migrating to Astro Runtime 5.0](migrate-to-runtime.md) to receive long term support for Apache Airflow 2.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ¹ In November 2022, Astronomer Certified 2.3 was reclassified as a stable release only. To maintain Apache Airflow support, Astronomer recommends upgrading or [migrating to Astro Runtime 5.0](migrate-to-runtime.md).
```
It's not just Apache Airflow 2.3 support, is it? It's future versions as well? If not:

To maintain Apache Airflow 2.3 support, Astronomer recommends upgrading or [migrating to Astro Runtime 5.0](migrate-to-runtime.md).

Author: It usually would be, but the problem for users right now is "I just lost long term support of 2.3 and I need to get it back"

### LTS releases

| AC Version                                                                           | Release Date   | End of Maintenance Date |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------- | ----------------------- |

> | [2.1](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.1.4/CHANGELOG.md)       | May 21, 2021   | November 2022           |

Author: @paolaperaza Am I reading this right that there will be no LTS certified releases at the end of this month?
